we have the opportunity to
interview norman lear coming to
knock an interview earlier
this guy I grew up with all his
shows
right now washer that interested
viewer might be half my age for
example
well that's my job is interview
burr
way you were here my job
interviewer
to turn it into something that
start talkin commitment that
word on the fly start talkin
here's the creator all in the
family
by the way the beginning %uh
Family Guy
is a takeoff on the beginning
aboard family case
I'm stop all the family has
multiple spinoffs
there was like the jeffersons
more rhoda
good times when you look at all
this and you say
this person was not only
plugging into the
emergency social cultural mores
over day understanding
work important issues not to
speak about the news desk
but in a sitcom he was merging
pop culture with pop news
and that was without precedent
because before then you have the
zany shows on television with
green acres in
beverly hillbillies in all these
things made no attempt
to concern themselves with
things like the war in Vietnam
or or any sticky
issue there might have been in
the headlines in the papers
were ignored until he came